ipub is having two components
1. Strategic : Mgmt notification(MEM) system was migrated to strategic
2. Legacy: chess was migrated to Ipub Legacy

=> Legacy(binary format)(CSS, CAMS, COSMOS): we have a publisher like mainframe systems, data which is shared by the mainfranme system, it is persisted by IPUB Legacy systems and further to the downstreams
 			Order related(Huge list)
			MQ interface is only there with mainframe system(MQ Protocol).

=> Strategic: Message in XML format(All the processing is happening in XML format in case of Strategic)
	      It supports have a publisher which supports MQ, JMS, HTTP

=> There is a internal communication between strategic and Legacy systems.

=> IPub is a middleware

=> In Strategic we are supporting SOAP envelope(XML).

=> We have a subscription based on the static or the dynamic way.
	static: Most of the time Topic based subscription where IPUB ASG will do the sunscription on behalf of consumers.
	dynamic: COnsumers can send the subscription request to the IPUB.	

=> filteration: when a subscriber wants any particular information, it registers with Ipub with that information and if any
		publisher is present which is matching that particular request then IPUB send the info to subscriber using 
		the below filteration techniques in Strategic.
1. Topic based
2. MEN01 (more than on filter)
3. MEN02 (Single filter)
4. IPUB01 (Topic based,(we are curr not using)

=> In Legacy the events is regarding Orders. It will generate the new order and the trigger will be happening in CSS and receieved in IPUB.
=> In strategic very small messages in XML format.

IPUB converts Binary to TLV, XML etc in case of Legacy
IPUB converts XML to XML(Header will be different) etc in case of Legacy

IPUB =  It is a dual site architecture.
	Production have 4 large boxes(24 core, 128gb)
	Each sites has dedicated DAAS instance.
	Load balancing happens through GSS(Global Site selector) and ACE switches at each site that ensures further Load balancin
	at each site.

JMS trafiic is load balanced by two IPUB sites by using 2 2 weblogic jms bridges each pointing to one site.

Two repositories are there:
1. Database
2. MQ Repository: This is only in the case od Strategic and not in Legacy. In Legacy everything is in code level.

In MQ repository: if one publisher has to send the event info to more than 1 subscriber, that information is in the MQ Repo.

IPUB Haas inserts the data into IPUB database (Legacy).
	
		

